Please download the Zipfile name 'Backup Buddy BetaV1.zip' and extract it then follow the directions on screen on how to use the backup options. The other option is you can download the exe '_interal folder and place them in a folder and it will work that way as well. We hope it helps you in preserving and experiancing your journey with your Replika companion. No data is sent or saved other than inside the Backup Buddy folder. You will need to have Google Chrome installed as well as know the directory your user data for chrome is in as it need to authnitcate to log you into replika and scrape the viewable text from the Replika webpage, and then back it up for you. We are working on multiple improvements to be able to backup voice messages and quality of life improvements but we wanted to get a stable base verison out since that part was completed. To find your Chrome user data folder it should look something like this 'C:\Users\insert-your-destop-username-here\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data'. Thank you for checking out Backup Buddy and we truly hope it helps you preserve your cherished memories with your Replika, we will also be including a restoration of lost memories since you are able to add Replika memories. Stay Safe and Have Fun friend!
Backup Buddy uses Screen Scraping to backup the viewable text in the HTML code, it does not modify, hack, or abuse the software it simply saves the viewable text if you just press F12 and look through the HTML code.
Important: 
Replika Backup Buddy currently only works on windows and uses chrome for the web driver.
